Doc feedback and suggestions (#409)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: README.md

# The Haskell Message Index
[![.github/workflows/deploy.yml](https://github.com/haskellfoundation/error-message-index/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/haskellfoundation/error-message-index/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

**View the site →** https://errors.haskell.org/

Haskell tooling emits a variety of errors, warnings, and other messages. In recent versions, some of these tools emit a unique code for each message that allows it to be identified. This site allows these codes to be looked up, providing examples, context, and further information that can make them easier to understand.

## Supported Tools

> Today, the Haskell Message Index supports three tools, with more (like [Cabal](https://github.com/haskell/cabal/issues/8543)) on the horizon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, the Haskell Message Index supports three tools. Any user-facing Haskell-related programming tools are welcome to join the effort!
```

I don't want to make promises on behalf of other projects. I think Cabal is positive about the idea, but they don't presently have someone implementing it.
